Add distribution cmd (#635)
sandialabs/spack-manager: docs/additional_commands/distribution/distribution.md

# Distribution Command

> The distribution command bundles an active Spack environment into a self-contained higherarchy.  When run, the command selects the necessary components of a Spack enviornment to retain so that the resultant bundle can be re-installed on another machine with out the need to acquire any outside resources.  An exact copy of the exact version of Spack used to create the distribution bundle as well as a bootstrap mirror, any installed Spack extensions, package repositories, and a source mirror are included alongsied a configured spack environment. The resultant hierarchy looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The distribution command bundles an active Spack environment into a self-contained hierarchy.  When run, the command selects the necessary components of a Spack environment to retain so that the resultant bundle can be re-installed on another machine without the need to acquire any outside resources.  An exact copy of the exact version of Spack used to create the distribution bundle, as a bootstrap mirror, any installed Spack extensions, all package repositories, and a source mirror are included alongside a configured Spack environment. The resultant hierarchy looks like this:
```
